README.md, before:

# My Personal Project

## Poker Trainer

A *bulleted* list:
- It will be a graphical user interface that will show the user their 2 playing cards and ask if they should raise,
fold, or call. After the user makes a decision it will give feedback on whether it was the best play, okay play or
terrible play. The user will also be able to change their 'table position' and practice making their decisions from 
different position because being in different positions changes which hands the user should play. It will also allow the
user to star the hands that they keep getting wrong so they can focus on the hands they find the most difficult. 
- The users will be people that are interested in improving their poker skills 

- I'm want to get better at poker and the existing poker training apps don't have the exact functionality that I want or
they cost too much money. This project will also allow me to apply the probability knowledge that I have been learning
in my other math classes.

Example of what hands to play vs not ![Screenshot 2024-02-02 at 12.19.31 PM.png](..%2F..%2F..%2F..%2Fvar%2Ffolders%2Fkz%2Fqp1g3z1s4kbfcdv3q7tkr9yh0000gn%2FT%2FTemporaryItems%2FNSIRD_screencaptureui_iiHuKg%2FScreenshot%202024-02-02%20at%2012.19.31%20PM.png)

Commit message:

started on the main method to record the data from the user

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project

## Staff Scheduler (Catered towards Resturants)

A *bulleted* list:

- I will be designing a staff scheduling software. The 'manager' will be able to enter a list of employees where each
employee has different attributes like occupation, name, availibility, days off, as well as preferred hours. 
It also allows the manager to decide how many people they want working at a time. 
software will take all these parameters into consideration and make a schedule that fits these criteria. If no schedule 
can be made it will give a message saying why it's impossible like "No one put availibilty for Mondays."

- The users will be managers of different workplacs that wants to schedule their employees automatically so they can
free up time doing more important things

- I'm want to do this project because I feel like this matches the project description closely as well as this will an
ineffiency in my workplace and give me practice finding a good algorithm so that this can scale decently well when
adding more employees.

- As a user i want to be able to add an arbitrary number of employees to my list
- as a user i want to be able to specify the job that the employee has 
- as a user i want to be able to specify the times that i need employees
- as a user i want to be able to specify the number of employees that i need at a time
